[Docs] clarity in docs (#1392)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/BuildWithDocker.md

docker run --rm ubuntu:22.04 nproc
```

### Build Using Docker from pre-built binaries

> Courtesy of Precision Innovations, they have released triweekly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Courtesy of [Precision Innovations](https://precisioninno.com/), they have released triweekly 
```

> releases of the OpenROAD binaries in Ubuntu and Debian. This greatly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Courtesy of Precision Innovations, they release `.deb` installers of OpenROAD for Ubuntu and Debian on a regular basis. This greatly
```

Reviewer 2: The tentative release schedule is daily, however, there are days without merges (e.g., many weekends) and there could be days with more than one release (e.g., critical bug fix). So "a regular basis" is more in-line with reality.

helps to reduce the compilation time needed. 

We recommend a setup whereby you install the OS using Docker,
followed by installing the prebuilt binaries for OpenROAD. 
First clone the desired Docker image, in this case we use Ubuntu 22.04.
Then, we can start the container in an interactive mode using 

> `docker run -it`, telling it to start the prompt `sh`. 

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about this; let's discuss it. But either way `sh` --> `bash`

Author: Yes that has been working for my docker setup. You dont need to add the /bin/sh to run it I think

```shell
docker pull ubuntu:22.04
docker run -it ubuntu:22.04 sh
```

Now you are ready to install the prebuilt binaries. 
Please refer to the instructions for installing prebuilt binaries 
[here](./BuildWithPrebuilt.md).

### Build Using Docker from sources

Alternatively, if you would like the latest commits from the OpenROAD repositories,
do follow the instructions below. 

#### Clone and Build

The following instructions build the docker image with CentOS 7 as the base OS:
You can restrict the number of CPUs with the `-t|--threads N` argument:

``` shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts
cd OpenROAD-flow-scripts

> ./build_openroad.sh --threads N 

Reviewer 2: I would prefer without the --threads arg. This way if a user clicks on the copy button they can paste directly on the terminal and it would work.

docker run --rm ubuntu:22.04 nproc
```

### Build Using Docker from pre-built binaries

Courtesy of [Precision Innovations](https://precisioninno.com/), 
they release `.deb` installers of OpenROAD for Ubuntu
and Debian on a regular basis. 
This greatly helps to reduce the compilation time needed. 

> We recommend a setup whereby you install the OS using Docker,
> followed by installing the prebuilt binaries for OpenROAD. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend to use a Docker image of a supported OS
and install OpenROAD using the prebuilt binaries from
Precision Innovations. 
```

> First clone the desired Docker image, in this case we use Ubuntu 22.04.
> Then, we can start the container in an interactive mode using 
> `docker run -it`, telling it to start the prompt `sh`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can start the container in an interactive mode using 
the command below. 
```

```shell

> docker pull ubuntu:22.04
> docker run -it ubuntu:22.04 sh

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker run -it ubuntu:22.04
```
